up high and chillin y'all is either
going to commit to this the clock goes
out from banana he saw us on a bubble
the arrow flies had a connection shall
wait he's just hang out with a truck
pull head coming out from the Nexus
Aston the Iron Chefs burning through a
little bit of joeys Life Points but
Lynn's over on the sidelines being
battled down by both howl as well let's
move waveform salon cool down it's got
also 10-man assured the move over
towards the site another triples done
banana is on an absolute spree right now
waveform is about to come back up but
LGD they lose to to hit level 6 one more
creep to go down he's got to be short
he's shot by 14 points in experience and
he gets mad about up and killed in mafia
and well waveform out Lin gonna surge up
he tries to help by a blast but well
life still have jumped inside now how
cops an arrow he strength morphing
himself up those gonna be difficulty at
the killed with that nyx ton try and buy
some more space more bling does go on
the sidelines a moonlight shadow
protects LG g4 now no ravaged 26 seconds
on cooldown move comes back in again
trying to kill the ranking again though
is just the ank ultimate sashing will
arrive here in the late with a
brewmaster royalty okay it's gonna wear
off erica from exeter since mike apples
on cooldown rabbit jumps into a plane
now as LGD walking over newbie the fire
back comes out from the tide hunter the
still no ravage available 9 seconds on
the sideline newbie just lost their
entire team and bought back on the tide
hunter an LG d they lost me jack jacques
if your stunt and Linda she dies the
tower jump in the arrows on move he
doesn't actually or does he have fire
back yeah he does he'll use it the Nexus
a small sides and back lines and more
please return to the engagement sir BKP
from Lynn is gonna protect him malting
waveforms away and moves back into the
fight now these brewing's the storm
brewing is brought down fire-breathing
could be the next one and the earth
sterling someone they'll come back into
the easiest done arrow flies out it
keeps your weight out of this engagement
but move he's just going up to live the
aioli will finish the job though and
that's why Lynne well actually he's
gonna shatter out here he knows he's low
enough back back in worship backhaul
there it is over on 2 ratings gone down
by the ravaged will pop the BJP is
protecting the enigma but doesn't
protect the ties here who died and TV
he's been beaten down anchor smash
continues so rabbits damage is very
minimal as how waveforms up they turn
around ancient apparition might be on
the sideline but rabbit waveform in four
seconds time no matter for a gush
they're chasing them to DDC 15
seconds for him before he can waveform
away before he can leap away by some
space with that as brewmaster okay the a
ghost immortal is gone arrows coming in
dodge to the last moment gosh from shall
wait hiding in the tree lines doesn't
have any extra manner but brewmaster as
no jump out of here they've got to keep
that blink dagger on cooldown enigma x
pac is keeping out to the Tier three
towers right now but it's already too
late and EDC leaves down into the river
and away bring banana he's going to jump
in look for the stunt there's so many of
them there and there she gets get now
moon will jump back out again now enigma
for the next Assassin's dark see a
really good back wall right now live
seals losing a lot of Life Points he's
having to amla toggle out the arrows
coming down soon shall we still as
ravish now lets it rip the rabbit as she
gets hot by that with the anchor
smash they're losing all their damage
walkling comes back in again he bled of
cool down in a moment because it using
his hit y'all had to strength more poppy
battling man two men here against rabbit
who's also got an iron shell while ddc
he's being chased down by moon leaves up
anchor smash into the gush jump in he's
searching for the right time to get that
hit the enigma has come back into this
engagement he searching for the opening
just the eve way shotgun being used
again so the Nemeth back down the half
of his life points and they keep trying
to fight inside the anchor smash which
means they keep losing their life points
same thing now the trigger the link it's
all they jump up help I a blast they
wrote why you money the Nexus acid
there's nothing that makes a sense of
when morongo is a ravaging his alter the
two guys with a BKB then they'll never
even triggered off DD the edge of black
hole backpack in all three with the wall
as well his spectacular from LG G and
woke like it was absolutely horrendous
but now more police have you come back
up again yeah you should be careful
there manesar will pop waveform is
available the e blade is not however
he's trying strength more but not fast
enough secondary ravage too late from
shall wait LG G made us took a great
fight they let it go they thought
actually thought when I Michigan the
Nexus and that was the worst biology to
take why she only one sorry that was
still at just morphling Tyson up in
towards the app so everyone's alive
again wow this brew marks gonna go down
he puts his rulings he fell she dead
brewmaster terrible
what the hell happened to her he came
she thought I wrappers on the high
ground but the century was looking at
him now that's smoke which is why he's
not revealing son Shane one light and
they got it so Noah alt in this fight
the rabbit will pop that's the first one
from jail way drag him back now you're
black oh it's only got John they can't
attack him the ghosts have kept him
alive for now hey sport package became
he got a good blast off 10 minutes all
of LGD normally has to weigh form itself
away mood jumps into he's low on Life he
triggers off the teeth breezes five
points back again asana is from banana
with a psycho missing a follow up some
but they've lost move and LGD they're
trying to breach inside the base mostly
he must wave back to actually heal up
now this is a counter right from LCD the
question is can they still get more time
is not involved anymore the sun i'll
look into coming in blink down they're
going to try and ring gether live cielo
Nexus has in fact making inspire
carapace it's not doing out think the
BJP's are protecting LGD for now but
it's not protecting namorado she goes
down straight away and he'll stand his
ground Lynn 10 seconds for each egg goes
off well is on cooldown move it's all
the front lines no black horses the
stance on DD and maybe this is the bike
with a rabbit in just as much bigger
than I got an old truck y'all from how
he's put picking the base although he
turned up bummed over way for a girl of
the tier through tower remember sizzle
objective based gaming they've gotta
bring down this tower how he's looking
for the opening we're taking copy of the
tide hunter ravages still above all here
push our way and with no be a damaged
and they still cannot battle up against
a ravaged hey and then he says
jeje the victor will be movie not a
single game is lost in there and I are
run here a wonderful wonderful
tournament from the guys they got
invited directly in to the international
some people may have questioned that
decision the question no more
you